{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red238\green238\blue237;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c94718\c94718\c94481;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18820\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 When a column is subjected to a force along it\'92s axis it experiences compressive force and can fail by crushing. But it also undergoes a phenomenon known as buckling due to which it can fail laterally. This can be understood by looking at a chalk piece. When the chalk piece is subject to compressive loads along it\'92s axis, it can crush. But a lateral failure can occur due to buckling of the chalk piece and this needs to be taken into careful consideration. The lateral failure of the chalk occurs well below the yielding point and needs to be given careful consideration when compressing a chalk piece. \
\
I don\'92t know what the answer is, But it seems to confuse the heck out of AI. \
\
The Prime Time -\cf2 \cb3  
\f1 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Bullsh** Benchmark
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTf9RKMGAuI&t=179s"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTf9RKMGAuI&t=179s}}\
He goes on to explain in the video that asking the right questions is still important. AI will agree with you whatever you say. So you need to think and prompt it the right way to reach optimal solutions quickly. If you are a bad developer then you will develop bad code at 10x the speed.}