{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20520\viewh9860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) Can AI actually understand concepts?\
\
When I think of something, it first appears in my mind. It is not a sentence, it is not an image but just a feeling. I know I stored the round 1 ticket somewhere. I dont have any image of it, It is not some sentence or word; I just know. \
AI does not have this feeling.\
\
When I think of some concept, I first know that maybe trying a certain approach might work. It is not an image or text or sound but just a feeling. But when this feeling is converted to an image or text, it is solidified or more robust. Every feeling does not turn into a solid argument when converted to text or image. The only way to find out is to work up from this feeling to an argument to see whether or not it stands. \
\
2) \
When making an argument that seems like actual academic reasoning but is essentially non sense, Chatbots follow along and expand along the erroneous argument. This is show by the \'93bending chalk piece\'94 experiment. This proves that AI really lack any understanding of what they are saying and are just predicting the next token. \
\
3) Research and find out what we dont understand about the brain as of now.}